DOC110 a couple of weeks ago i was watching diner 's , drive-ins and dives ... big mistake ! this show is a heart attack in the making .  it also gives you cravings ... often for food you ca n't possibly get , because they 're making some crazy thing across the country that you can not possibly find a duplicate for .  naturally i got a crazy craving for fish and chips ... my mistake being that this was a sunday and for whatever reason , no fish and chip places are open on sunday .  i did a lot of looking around , before i found this place , which was n't too far away and was , most importantly , open !  this is a quirky place , with wood panelling on the walls and some random fish hung around the place .  fry 's boasts full day breakfasts and the fish and chips . i saw plenty of people coming for the full day breakfasts , which are decently priced and looked pretty good , if nothing special .  we came for the f & cs though !  we ordered the single piece , which was more than enough food . quite expensive though . you 're looking at around $ 15\/meal of one large piece of fish and some fries .  it was good , but it was n't great . worst of all , the tartar sauce came in sealed packages ... .ugh .  i 'm sorry , but when i 'm paying a premium for my fish and chips , at a place named after it 's fish and chips ... i want some damn proper tartar sauce ! it 's only like the easiest thing in the world to make .  service was fine . no complaints . the waitress did her job ... took our order , gave us our food and gave us the bill ... .that was her job and she did no more and no less .  the restaurant ambiance was n't there , the food was n't special and the prices were n't good .  next time i get a fish and chips craving i 'm going to try elsewhere .
DOC5125332 really nice atmosphere and settings and very clean . the food was sub-keg and the service was definitely under par .  went with a group of people , after taking the initial order , our server seems to have disappeared . we were missing some water and had to wave down another waiter to ask for our waiter . asked for the water , and once again he disappeared and no water . kindda annoying .  steak was unevenly cooked . asked for a medium well rib steak , half of my steak was medium and the other half was well ... ... kindda gives a different meaning to medium well .  one of the person in the group also found hair ( s ) in her food . she opted not to eat after that , in all fairness the manager came by to make sure if there was n't anything he can do . since she was disgusted , she did not wanted a replacement .  the manager however offered us two pieces of cheese cake at no charge .  all in all , it was a-ok , the best part is the atmosphere , that 's about it .
